gh-90241: Clarify documentation for PyUnicode_FSConverter and PyUnicode_FSDecoder (#128451)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/unicode.rst

error handler` (:pep:`383` and :pep:`529`).

To encode file names to :class:`bytes` during argument parsing, the ``"O&"``
converter should be used, passing :c:func:`!PyUnicode_FSConverter` as the
conversion function:

.. c:function:: int PyUnicode_FSConverter(PyObject* obj, void* result)

>    :ref:`PyArg_Parse\* converter <arg-parsing>`: encode :class:`str` objects -- obtained directly or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`PyArg_Parse\* converter <arg-parsing>`: encodes :class:`str` objects -- obtained directly or
```

Small typo

   through the :class:`os.PathLike` interface -- to :class:`bytes` using
   :c:func:`PyUnicode_EncodeFSDefault`; :class:`bytes` objects are output as-is.
   *result* must be an address of a C variable of type :c:expr:`PyObject*`
   (or :c:expr:`PyBytesObject*`).
   On success, set the variable to a new :term:`strong reference` to
   a :ref:`bytes object <bytesobjects>` which must be released

>    when it is no longer used and return non-zero value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   when it is no longer used and return a non-zero value
```

   (:c:macro:`Py_CLEANUP_SUPPORTED`).
   Embedded null bytes are not allowed in the result.

>    On failure, return ``0`` with an exception set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On failure, returns ``0`` with an exception set.
```

Reviewer 2: No; we prefer to use the imperative mood for reference prose.

   If *obj* is ``NULL``, the function releases a strong reference
   stored in the variable referred by *result* and returns ``1``.

   .. versionadded:: 3.1

   .. versionchanged:: 3.6
      Accepts a :term:`path-like object`.

To decode file names to :class:`str` during argument parsing, the ``"O&"``
converter should be used, passing :c:func:`!PyUnicode_FSDecoder` as the
conversion function:

.. c:function:: int PyUnicode_FSDecoder(PyObject* obj, void* result)

   :ref:`PyArg_Parse\* converter <arg-parsing>`: decode :class:`bytes` objects -- obtained either
   directly or indirectly through the :class:`os.PathLike` interface -- to
   :class:`str` using :c:func:`PyUnicode_DecodeFSDefaultAndSize`; :class:`str`
   objects are output as-is.
   *result* must be an address of a C variable of type :c:expr:`PyObject*`
   (or :c:expr:`PyUnicodeObject*`).
   On success, set the variable to a new :term:`strong reference` to
   a :ref:`Unicode object <unicodeobjects>` which must be released

>    when it is no longer used and return non-zero value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   when it is no longer used and return a non-zero value
```

   (:c:macro:`Py_CLEANUP_SUPPORTED`).
   Embedded null characters are not allowed in the result.

>    On failure, return ``0`` with an exception set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On failure, returns ``0`` with an exception set.
```

>    If *obj* is ``NULL``, the function releases a strong reference
>    stored in the variable referred by *result* and returns ``1``.

Reviewer 2: This reads a little bit off-kilter. How about this?

```suggestion
   If *obj* is ``NULL``, release the strong reference
   to the object referred to by *result* and return ``1``.
```
